add manual requirement of windows (#601)
ginkgo-project/ginkgo: README.md

The Ginkgo OMP module has the following __additional__ requirements:
*  _MinGW_ or _Cygwin_

Need to add the following manually:
* Test Ginkgo with shared Ginkgo library:

>   Add `PROJECT_BINARY_DIR/GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH` into the environment `PATH`. `GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH` is `windows_shared_library` by default. More Details are availble in the [Installation page](./INSTALL.md).

Reviewer: wording suggestion/typos:
```suggestion
  Add `PROJECT_BINARY_DIR/GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH` to the `PATH`  environment variable. `GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH` is `windows_shared_library` by default. More Details are available in the [Installation page](./INSTALL.md).
```

Author: I keep "into the environement PATH" to be consistent with other documents in ginkgo

* Build Ginkgo with Debug mode:

>   Add `\bigobj` in _Microsoft Visual Studio_ or `-Wa,-mbig-obj -O1` in _MinGW_, _Cygwin_ into complier flag.

Reviewer: wording suggestion/typos:
```suggestion
  Add `\bigobj` in _Microsoft Visual Studio_ or `-Wa,-mbig-obj -O1` in _MinGW_, _Cygwin_ to the compiler flag.
```
Is `-O1` still necessary, or did we only do that due to space constraints in Github Actions? Also, could you mention how to set the compiler flags?

Author: Yes, `-O1` is necessary. The error is from ld (error: export ordinal too large (some number >= 65536)) 
We can not compile Debug + Static on Github Action due to space issue

The Ginkgo OMP module has the following __additional__ requirements:
*  _MinGW_ or _Cygwin_

Depending on the configuration settings, some manual work might be required:
* Build Ginkgo as shared library:
  Add `PROJECT_BINARY_DIR/GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH` into the environment variable `PATH`.
  `GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH` is `windows_shared_library` by default. More Details are available in the [Installation page](./INSTALL.md).
  * cmd: `set PATH="<PROJECT_BINARY_DIR/GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH>;%PATH%"`
  * powershell: `$env:PATH="<PROJECT_BINARY_DIR/GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH>;$env:PATH"`

  CMake will gives the error message including `<PROJECT_BINARY_DIR/GINKGO_WINDOWS_SHARED_LIBRARY_RELPATH>` if the path is not correct.
  ```Did not find this build in the environment variable PATH. Please add <path> into the environment variable PATH.```

> * Build Ginkgo with Debug mode:

Reviewer 2: The following issues can happen but it depends on the machine setup etc? In this case, I would add some context here:

Some `Debug` build specific issues can appear depending on the machine and environment. The known issues are the following:

>   1. `bigobj` issue: encontering `too many sections` needs `\bigobj` or `-Wa,-mbig-obj`

Reviewer 2: Typo
```suggestion
  1. `bigobj` issue: encountering `too many sections` needs the compilation flags `\bigobj` or `-Wa,-mbig-obj`
```

>   2. `ld` issue: encontering `ld: error: export ordinal too large` needs `-O1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. `ld` issue: encontering `ld: error: export ordinal too large` needs the compilation flag `-O1`
```

        * cmd: `set CXXFLAGS=\bigobj`
        * powershell: `$env:CXXFLAGS=\bigobj`
    2. `ld` issue (_Microsoft Visual Studio_ does not have this issue)
  * _Cygwin_:
    1. `bigobj` issue
      * add `-Wa,-mbig-obj -O1` into the environment variable `CXXFLAGS` (only availible in the first cmake configuration)
        * `export CXXFLAGS="-Wa,-mbig-obj -O1"`
      * `cmake -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS=-Wa,-mbig-obj <other parameters> <source_folder>`, which might overwrite the default settings.
    2. `ld` issue (If build Ginkgo as static library, do not need this)
      * `cmake -DGINKGO_COMPILER_FLAGS="-Wpedantic -O1" <other parameters> <source_folder>` (`GINKGO_COMPILER_FLAGS` is `-Wpedantic` by default)
  * _MinGW_:
    1. `bigobj` issue
      * add `-Wa,-mbig-obj -O1` into the environment variable `CXXFLAGS` (only availible in the first cmake configuration)
        * cmd: `set CXXFLAGS="-Wa,-mbig-obj"`
        * powershell: `$env:CXXFLAGS="-Wa,-mbig-obj"`
      * `cmake -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS=-Wa,-mbig-obj <other parameters> <source_folder>`, which might overwrite the default settings.
    2. `ld` issue (If build Ginkgo as static library, do not need this)

>       * `cmake -DGINKGO_COMPILER_FLAGS="-Wpedantic -O1" <other parameters> <source_folder>` (`GINKGO_COMPILER_FLAGS` is `-Wpedantic` by default)

Reviewer 2: Since this is fairly lengthy and detailed, whereas `README.md` is supposed to be a summary of everything, wouldn't it be better to put this into `INSTALL.md` and link the section here, with a link such as `[windows build detailed instructions](./INSTALL.md#section)`

Potentially, more of the windows specific issues could be put there, but as a minimum these 20 lines or so are good candidates.
